Well come back to the student in this lecture here we are going to be improving or for each loop and
we are also going to be making work on making this register user work.
All right.
So what I want to do here.
It's not much to kind to make this work but I want to put another functionality here.
First of all let's come in this array so that way we can make this work.
And what I have in mind is this this is the for each ray here I want to make another statement here.
And I want to see if the empty
if that if this error is empty then we want to do something here.
And this is what we're going to be re-assuring user or users here.
All right.
And basically what I want to do here.
Well we want to do here is making sure before we check these values that we own set will clean it up
a little bit.
So we're going to clean up our empty fields Ray and whatever whatever we have there do we need to use
the key there.
So we got to set that key on that variable.
Right.
All right.
So we're going to go through the rate of errors we can to make sure if they if they're empty.
All right then we're going to unset that key.
So that way we come here and we check for that.
And he's already clean right.
If they are clean they're really empty.
So we want to make sure that he's said before we do this here so this should work.
Now let's go back to functions at BHP and do we got a couple of things we got to remove here make sure
your function is clean.
We don't really need this here.
We are ready checking for those.
Check that out.
There we go.
All right.
Make sure you have your Global there
and see if we are.
All right.
Let's try to make this work guys.
You ready.
All right let's.
Let's make this work or try to make it work.
Well we're going to make it work.
All right let's be strong about this.
All right.
So first of all let me clean my database a little bit.
I've got a lot of feuds here that I need to clean.
I said yes you do the same thing right now.
GO TO YOUR be admin and make sure your database is clean 100 percent what not 100 percent but whatever
you have.
They're
clean.
So that way you can test this out.
All right.
So we're going to call this guy Edwin.
Just because.
And
that's re-used for this and it looks like it went through but we don't have no redirection we have no
way of knowing that yet.
We don't have the functionality.
Let's refresh and there we go.
It's working.
All right.
So registration is working what is not doing is logging in the user at all.
And if we go back here we have this function here logging the user is supposed to log in the user and
they have to log in the User ID make sure their users correct.
You know the password everything they restock they use it to admin.
If not it were redirected back to that page.
All right.
So we got to work on this a little bit.
So let's go back here to registration and before we get into that let's make sure that all of this is
nicely formatted.
Let's make sure a form is good.
I want to check I want to actually change this submit to register and I want to also do change this
here to something a little bit better maybe to check to see if we have a post requests on the page.
All right.
Because it just it is it works a lot better.
So the best way that I like to do it it's by checking the server variable.
All right so right now we just checked to see if the server variable here has we checked to see the
request met did aved the request met.
That is equal to post.
Then we have a post submission.
All right.
And this is the best way just to avoid a couple of complications out there especially with Internet
Explorer.
But anyway so we're good to go here what we're going to be doing is on the next lecture we're going
to make sure that this is working 100 percent we are able now to enter data.
All right but we need to make sure there are log in it's working not only that it is working here but
that it is working here as well.